restructure section running the analysis (#81)
RMI-PACTA/pacta.loanbook: vignettes/cookbook_running_the_analysis.Rmd

)
```

# Running the Analysis

This section provides a brief overview of the main steps required to run the PACTA for Banks analysis. It starts with a high-level overview and elaborates on each step in more detail below. The whole process is demonstrated with code-snippets so that following them in your own environment is as straight-forward as possible.

## Structure of the Workflow

> Assuming you have prepared and/or procured all required input data sets as described in the section "Preparatory Steps" **LINK**, implementing the PACTA for Banks analysis now follows the following main steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have prepared and/or procured all required input data sets as described in the section ["Preparatory Steps"](cookbook_preparatory_steps.html), implementing the PACTA for Banks analysis now follows the following main steps:
```

`match_name()` scores the match between names in a loanbook dataset and names in an asset-based company dataset. The names come from the columns `name_direct_loantaker` and `name_ultimate_parent` of the loanbook dataset, and from the column `name_company` of the asset-based company dataset. In the loan book data set, it is possible to optionally add any number of `name_intermediate_parent_*` columns, where `*` indicates the level up the corporate tree from `direct_loantaker`.

The raw names are internally transformed applying best-practices commonly used in name matching algorithms, such as:

-   Remove special characters
-   Replace language specific characters
-   Abbreviate certain names to reduce their importance in the matching
-   Remove corporate suffixes when necessary
-   Spell out numbers to increase their importance

The similarity is then scored between the internally-transformed names of the loanbook against the names in the abcd. For more information on the scoring algorithm used, see `stringdist::stringsim()`.

The basic usage of `match_name()` is as follows:

```{r, R.options = list(width = 400)}
matched <- match_name(loanbook, abcd)

matched
```

> `match_name()` defaults to scoring matches between name strings that belong to the same sector. This implies that a potential match will only be shown, if the names in the loanbook and the abcd are sufficiently similar AND the loan is classified in the same sector as the company activity in the abcd. Using `by_sector = FALSE` removes this limitation -- increasing computation time, and the number of potentially incorrect matches to manually validate. In most cases, it is recommended to keep `by_sector = TRUE`. However, lifting the restriction can be helpful in cases where the sector classification in the loanbook is not reliable or no sector classification is available at all. Below you can see that the removal of the restriction increases the number of potential matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`match_name()` defaults to scoring matches between name strings that belong to the same sector. This implies that a potential match will only be shown if the names in the loanbook and the abcd are sufficiently similar AND the loan is classified in the same sector as the company activity in the abcd. Using `by_sector = FALSE` removes this limitation -- increasing computation time, and the number of potentially incorrect matches to manually validate. In most cases, it is recommended to keep `by_sector = TRUE`. However, lifting the restriction can be helpful in cases where the sector classification in the loanbook is not reliable or no sector classification is available at all. Below you can see that the removal of the restriction increases the number of potential matches.
```

Reviewer: remove a comma
